---
layout: post
title:  "R.I.S.C.O."
author: tiago
categories: [ digital art, group, mixed music, electroacoustic music, digital lutherie, multidisciplinar, florianopolis ]
image: assets/images/RISCO_Brusque_screenshot.png
lang: en
permalink: en/RISCO
featured: false
hidden: false
hasAudio: false
hasVideo: true
hasPaper: true
hasScore: false
hasInteractivity: false
hasSourceCode: false
hasPDF: false
---

After the 1st R.I.S.C.O., a group of the same name was formed to continue producing and researching a path that includes direct sound capture, live electronics, analog synthesizers, music computing research, digital luthierie, VJing and expanded dance. The following stand out:
- Presentation at the International Festival Strangloscope 2017 - Museum of Image and Sound (MIS-SC), Integrated Culture Center (CIC) - Florianópolis, SC.
- Concert at the Azambuja Theater (Brusque-SC), selected by the Estação Cultural 2018 announcement, from the Santa Catarina state Culture Foundation.
- Performance Yllu - 2017 and 2018. Sítio Arte Educação E Tecnologia. Florianópolis-SC.

“Yllu represents in one of its forms the music produced by the small wings in flight ... This voice is similar to another more important one: Illa gives name to a certain kind of light and to the monsters that were born wounded by the lunar rays. Illa is a boy with two heads or a calf that is born beheaded; or a giant cliff, all black and lucid, whose surface had appeared crossed by a wide vein of white rock, of opaque light; it is also a plantation where the rows of maize intersect or swirl; the mythical bulls that inhabit the bottom of the lonely lakes, the high lagoons surrounded by totora, populated by black ducks, are illas. All illas cause good or evil, but always in a high degree. Touching an illa and dying or achieving resurrection is possible. This illa voice has some phonetic kinship and an internal communion of meaning with the ending Yllu ”
- José Maria Arguedas, In. Los Ríos Profundos (free translation)

